the rocker has cosmo at the ford
glue on how strong the respective
Fields of application difficult for him
find out
see you soon
honor field with me my photo and
Accordingly, they made 70 on the
piste and 20 the terrain of the
performance of one simply breaks more 25
the one on enriched did he
mainly through the broad rokkasho
valve ultimately generates the buoyancy
He shoots extremely agile and very
fleet-footed for that reason would
I the advanced the ski
mainly recommend but also already
the beginner to the cologne are
here in very good hands
the cruze in the area is at the advantage
with security of the non plus ultra
but we still win
meant sector works of it
medium furthermore extremely good
so demanded extremely close forgive mistakes
and easy to ride no matter what you are using
the makes you get him
border area purely used beginners
to advanced the
perfect ski to just really
to develop further
she definitely does and so can
everyone the best thing to get out of there
is a lot of fun with it